= iOS-UIPullerView for iOS v1.0

A pull-down-to-refresh control inspired by {Devin Doty}[https://github.com/enormego/EGOTableViewPullRefresh].

You can put this component anywhere you like. Usually you will use it as a 
header or footer of a scroll view to show pull-to-load hint and loading 
activity.

You can fully customize its behavior and style. You can set a pull direction 
to tell the component how to behave when dragging the scroll view. You can
also fully customize the appearance (using code or interface builder).

== Instalation

Add files to your xCode project.

== Usage Example

Assume you have a scroll view working and setup. Define a class variables that 
will hold the scroll view header object. Attach also scroll view protocol.

  #import "UIPullerView.h"
  @interface MyController : UIViewController <UIScrollViewDelegate>
  {
    ...
    UIPullerView *headerPullerView;
  }

Install puller handlers that will handle scroll view dragging inside scroll 
view callback methods.

  - (void)scrollViewDidScroll:(UIScrollView *)scroll
  {	
    ...
    [headerPullerView scrollViewDidScroll:scroll];
  }

  - (void)scrollViewDidEndDragging:(UIScrollView *)scroll willDecelerate:(BOOL)decelerate
  {
    ...
    if ([headerPullerView scrollViewDidEndDragging:scroll]) 
    {
      [listDownloader downloadPreviousPage];
    }
  }

Assume you have implemented a system for loading scroll view items add puller
handlers into method that is triggered when the loading is finished.

  - (void)loadingDidFinish // sample function name
  {
    [headerPullerView loadingDidFinish];
  }

== Customizing the default layout

By default the control consists of a label (filling the whole object) and 
activity indicator view (centered). 


